README.md, before:

docker-tomcat8
==============

Ubuntu 14.04, Oracle JDK 8 and Tomcat 8 based docker container.

# Description
You should run this container on the background and mount the volume with your web app inside.

Includes:

 - Oracle JDK 1.8.45
 - Tomcat 8.0.21
 - Git, wget, curl, build-essential
 
## Volumes
Exports a volume on `/opt/tomcat/webapps`.
You can mount the volume on run to a local directory containing your war file or exploded war directory.
If you need the management app, remember to have a copy on your hosts volume mount point.

## Ports
Two ports are exposed:

 - 8080: default Tomcat port.
  
 - 8009: default Tomcat debug port.

Remember to map the ports to the docker host on run.


# How to run the container
## Using docker
You need docker v1.3+ installed. To get the container up and running, run:
 
```
sudo docker run -d -p 8080:8080 -p 8009:8009 -v /opt/tomcat/webapps:/opt/tomcat/webapps dordoka/tomcat8
```
Remember to change `/opt/tomcat/webapps` to the directory where your app is stored.

## Using fig
If you have `fig.sh` installed, you can just launch:
```
sudo fig run tomcat
```

Commit message:

Changed fig to docker-compose

README.md, after:

docker-tomcat8
==============

Ubuntu 14.04, Oracle JDK 8 and Tomcat 8 based docker container.

# Description
You should run this container on the background and mount the volume with your web app inside.

Includes:

 - Oracle JDK 1.8.45
 - Tomcat 8.0.21
 - Git, wget, curl, build-essential
 
## Volumes
Exports a volume on `/opt/tomcat/webapps`.
You can mount the volume on run to a local directory containing your war file or exploded war directory.
If you need the management app, remember to have a copy on your hosts volume mount point.

## Ports
Two ports are exposed:

 - 8080: default Tomcat port.
  
 - 8009: default Tomcat debug port.

Remember to map the ports to the docker host on run.


# How to run the container
## Using docker
You need docker v1.3+ installed. To get the container up and running, run:
 
```
sudo docker run -d -p 8080:8080 -p 8009:8009 -v /opt/tomcat/webapps:/opt/tomcat/webapps dordoka/tomcat8
```
Remember to change `/opt/tomcat/webapps` to the directory where your app is stored.

## Using docker compose
If you have `docker-compose` installed, you can just launch:
```
sudo docker-compose up
```
